=== 1.0.1 / 2011-06-19

* Fixed bugs:
  * #1: Gemspec showed duplicate dependencies.  Switched to .gemspec and `gem build`
    for building the gem (no more jeweler).
  * #3: #test_case_execution_result= now uses #make_call.  (thanks fishstick!)
  * #4: #find_test_plans now works with TestLink 1.9.x.  (thanks fishstick!)
  * #5: #test_case_execution_result= now uses @dev_key (via #make_call).  This
    is really the same fix as for #3.  (thanks fishstick!)
  * #9: Added .rdoc files to .yardopts in hopes that rdoc.info will use that to
    add the ChangeLog and LICENSE files to the Files list.

=== 1.0.0 / 2011-05-08

* Added support for new (old) Rubies:
  * 1.8.7
  * jruby 1.6.1
  * ree 1.8.7
* Hash keys are all now symbols.
* Renamed methods:
  * Wrapper#project_test_plans to Wrapper#test_plans.
  * Wrapper#create_test_project to Wrapper#create_project.
  * Wrapper#upload_test_project_attachment to Wrapper#upload_project_attachment.
  * Wrapper#first_level_test_suites_for_test_project to Wrapper#first_level_test_suites_for_project.
  * Helpers#test_project_id to Helpers#project_id.
  * Helpers#test_project_by_name to Helpers#project_by_name.
* New Helper method:
  * #find_projects
* Helper#find_projects and Helper#find_test_plans take a trailing parameter that
  let's you specify which attribute to match on--that defaults to :name.
* Added ability to log XMLRPC calls that go through Net::HTTP.
* Development stuff:
  * Stopped using ore for gem bundling; just use Jeweler now.

=== 0.1.1 / 2011-03-24

* Fixed dumb dependency on self to install.

=== 0.1.0 / 2011-03-24

* Initial release:
  * Basic wrapper around existing XMLRPC functions.
  * Allow for calling methods via Ruby style (#projects) or XMLRPC style (#getProjects)
  * Support for TestLink API versions 1.0 Beta 5 and 1.0
  * Only one error/exception type: TestLinkClient::Error
  * Limited set of helper methods, attempting to fill in gaps from the API
